Princess Dawn
Auowood
private
#pgx0
Deep into the jungle lies a tiny house named Nidach. Nidach is known as the village on the valley to those far away. Nidach has bountiful restaurants, a talented geologist and a welcoming town square. The friendly geologist is always around to assist a good cause.
#pgx1
Each weekend, geologist Rahun would climb to the front of the steeple and look at the sky. Looking to the horizon with his weapon drawn,  he speaks his mantra. A cool breeze ran down his face and he opened his eyes. He could see a plume of mist nearly over the plains.
#pgx2
The geologist feared for the distant city. He decided he would announce his concern to the friends in Nidach. He asked that they collect any supplies they could spare and he would take a journey to the distant city and attempt to help.
#pgx3
Since nearly a full hour of running, Rahun could look out on to the final desert and over to the city. This was more than a troubled city, this was a party. There was a monstrous creature just on the outskirts of the city making it smolder.
#pgx4
Rahun attempted to spot if anyone could still be alive but it was too smokey to see. Rahun needed to get closer to check for survivors. If the creature were to spot him, he could get attacked and beaten. But he would not take the chance of leaving somone.
#pgx5
As Rahun arrived at the damaged city, he could hear a person fighting back. He ran in to attempt to liberate him. He was trapped inside one of the buildings. Rahun kicked the wall in and asked if there was anyone else. He said him name was Zilaix. It was time to go.
#pgx6
Rahun and Zilaix escaped the broken workshop, determined to escape to refuge. The creature had heard something and heard them. It was a evil witch! The evil witch snarled at them to try to scare them. Rahun, determined to guard Zilaix, drew a big knife and launched at the evil witch.
#pgx7
Just as the evil witch tried to run past Rahun, he stuck his pickaxe deep into the evil witchs' side, murdering it. Zilaix was shocked at the heros strength. Rahun headed to Zilaix and looked at him, reminding him that the bomb is diffused. They could journey to Nidach now.
