Silent Wheat
Baach
private
#pgx0
Off into the plains lies a medium cottage named Davad. Davad is known as the camp over the plains to those near by. Davad has beautiful shops, a kind-hearted protector and a small community center. The nearby protector is usually far away to help those in need.
#pgx1
Each month, protector Buup would traverse to the edge of the balcony and look at the sky. Looking to the horizon with his weapon drawn,  he speaks his battlechant. A fast wind ran across his body and he opened his eyes. He could see a plume of smoke just over the mound.
#pgx2
The protector wondered about the distant city. He decided he would announce his concern to the residents in Davad. He demanded they get any supplies they could share and he would make a journey to the nearby city and attempt to investigate.
#pgx3
After almost a half morning of horseback riding, Buup could see on to the last plains and down onto the city. This was more than a troubled city, this was a party. There was a monstrous animal just on the outskirts of the city observing it burn.
#pgx4
Buup attempted to spot if anyone could still be alive but it was too foggy to see. Buup wanted to venture downward to check the area. If the animal were to spot him, he should get injured or killed. But he might not take the chance of leaving somone.
#pgx5
As Buup closed in on the damaged city, he could sense a person cowering. He walked in to try to liberate her. She was wedged inside a shed. Buup pried the wall in and inquired if there was anyone else. She said her name was Tuwuu. It was time to go.
#pgx6
Buup and Tuwuu escaped the damaged cave, determined to get away to refuge. The animal had woke up and heard them. It was a evil witch! The evil witch swooped down to try to eat them. Buup, determined to protect Tuwuu, broke a stick in half and jumped at the evil witch.
#pgx7
Just as the evil witch tried to step on Buup, he penetrated his axe deep into the evil witchs' face, injuring it. Tuwuu was astonished at the horrible smell. Buup ran to Tuwuu and hugged her, reminding her that they should hurry. They could ride horseback to Davad now.
